Husband, why did you leave?
How can we live without our mother and daughter?
Dad, I told you a long time ago to let you retire quickly
You just wouldn't listen?
I will stand with Dew to the last post
Damn Cao Ling
The old lady will not let her go if she is a ghost
Rest in peace
You don't want it?
Country Sorrow Mr. Shako
The Gaqiang Military Commission and the State Propaganda District have him as an early heart
Is the person who killed my father dead?
What was his name?
He is following Long Shuai
A pair that perished with Cao Lin
The murderer is dead
Mr. Gao is over
This is not the end
And this is just the beginning.
Cao Ling is a scourge
He must have remnants
I want his remnants to be killed together
This is too dangerous, Mr. Gao, you can't do this
Mr. Gao, you just need to protect yourself
As for the foot-chasing remnants, someone will go
Don't worry.
I will not die in vain
This matter will be decided freely.
Hey, have you seen the news?
It's on TV and in the newspapers
The boss is dead
We are the little feet that Cao Lin left behind
I'm afraid I'm in big trouble
The Qinghai-Tibet team will soon be drilled into our heads
No way.
I did so much dirty work for him
In the end, you still want to drill into my head
It's not fair, yeah?
So unfair
You are the leader of the assassination team
I am the guardian of the city lord
We have been black and white for so many years
How many butts did you wipe for Cao Lin?
How much mess to clean up
Now it has come to this
We can't just die
You forgot the old
Did Cao send them a backup plan?
In this way, we will push this dirty matter to Gao Xiaoxun
Then we both take the money and run away?
Now it's all over
City Lord Song Tianbao will intervene sooner or later
I'm working overtime.
The city lord is waiting for us to run away
Where is Song Tianbao going to find us?
Ah good
That's a good idea.
Wait until we get hundreds of billions of collections
We can go wherever we want
Hahahaha